=head1 Catalyst::Plugin::AUTOCRUD Tutorial.

Some worked examples for those that need a bit more explanation than the module
documentation gives.

=head2 Running the demos.

Do make sure that you have a sufficiently recent version of catalyst installed.
If you find that you run C< perl server.pl > from the C< examples/demo >
directory, and it seems to start up OK, but then exits, upgrade Catalyst to the
latest available version (5.9 at the time of writing).

=head2 Hiding tables.

Once the demo is running, and you visit C<http://localhost:3000> you will see
the list of tables available in the database schema.  Seeing as displaying the
many to many join table of the database is fairly pointless, we should get
AutoCRUD to hide it, as the information is actually displayed in the .  This is achieved by making the following changes to the C<demo.conf> file (given in diff format with zero lines of context):

 $ git diff -U0 demo.conf
 diff --git a/examples/demo/demo.conf b/examples/demo/demo.conf
 index 86ef604..ee00ba2 100644
 --- a/examples/demo/demo.conf
 +++ b/examples/demo/demo.conf
 @@ -29,2 +29,2 @@
 -#    <sites>
 -#        <default>
 +    <sites>
 +        <default>
 @@ -35 +35,4 @@
 -#            <dbic>
 +            <dbic>
 +                 <album_artist>
 +                        hidden yes
 +                 </album_artist>
 @@ -46,3 +49,3 @@
 -#            </dbic>
 -#        </default>
 -#    </sites>
 +            </dbic>
 +        </default>
 +    </sites>

There are two important things to note about the above configuration.

Firstly: the table name sources are given as the name of the table in the
database and B<not> the name of the DBIx::Class::Result classes.

Secondly: The <dbic> key (beneath default) is the name of the Catalyst::Model
that provides the database connection and DBIx::Class schema information.  So
if your App was called MyApp, and you wanted to use the model MyApp::Db for the
database connection, you would use C< db > as the configuration key instead of
C< dbic >.

TODO: Is there a way to configure AUTOCRUD so that is hides all tables except
the ones set to

=head2 display_name

TODO - need to fix this for the demo app.

=head2 Adding/editing related records.

AutoCRUD doesn't support the editing of table relationships by default.  This
is because being able to add and edit related records is a hard problem to
implement in a sufficiently generic way while maintaining flexibility.

So to get these features you'll need to write some code and edit some
templates.  Here's how we can do this for the Albums table.


